extract_data_example (#8)
airtop-ai/examples-python: examples/extract_data/src/README.md

# Quick setup

> 

Reviewer: Add an Overview section with a short description

```
## Overview

This example demonstrates how to use Airtop to extract data from a website using a prompt. By leveraging Airtop’s live view capabilities, you can have your users log into any of their accounts inside a browser session to provide your agents access to content that requires authentication. Airtop profiles can be used to persist a user’s login state across sessions and avoid the need to have them log in again.
```

That is what I meant on this [comment](https://github.com/airtop-ai/examples-python/pull/5#discussion_r1866662330). I just grabbed the first paragraph you had there and change `recipe` for example.

Author: Added

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.10
- Poetry==1.8.4

## Setup environment

Clone the repository and navigate to this example

`cd examples/extract_data/src`

Install dependencies with poetry

`poetry install`

Initiate the environment

`poetry shell`

## Run the example

Input your Airtop key in the .env file.

> Change the variable `TARGET_URL` to your desired target in summarize.py.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the variable `TARGET_URL` to your desired target in `extract_data_login.py`.
```

> Change the variable `TARGET_URL` to your desired target in summarize.py.

Reviewer: We are missing the command to run the python script under `Run the example`.

`python extract_data_login.py`

Author: Added
